# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       0_gnu    conda-forge
abseil-cpp                20200225.2           he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
amberlite                 16.0                     pypi_0    pypi
ambertools                17.0                     pypi_0    pypi
arpack                    3.7.0                hc6cf775_1    conda-forge
arrow-cpp                 0.17.1          py37h1234567_3_cpu    conda-forge
attrs                     19.3.0                     py_0    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.7.164              hc831370_1    conda-forge
backcall                  0.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
bleach                    3.1.5              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
boost                     1.72.0           py37h9de70de_0    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.72.0               h8e57a91_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.7             he1b5a44_1002    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py37h8f50634_1000    conda-forge
bson                      0.5.9                      py_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_2    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.15.0            h516909a_1001    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.4.5.1           hecc5488_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            hcf35c78_1003    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.4.5.1       py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.0           py37hd463f26_0    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4           py37hc8dfbb8_1006    conda-forge
cmiles                    0.1.5                    py37_2    omnia
cryptography              2.9.2            py37hb09aad4_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.69.1               h33f0ec9_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
cython                    0.29.19          py37h3340039_0    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             py37hc8dfbb8_1001    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.8           nompi_h7f3a6c3_1110    conda-forge
fftw3f                    3.3.4                         2    omnia
fontconfig                2.13.1            h86ecdb6_1001    conda-forge
fragmenter                0.0.4                    py37_0    omnia
freetype                  2.10.2               he06d7ca_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
gflags                    2.2.2             he1b5a44_1002    conda-forge
glib                      2.64.3               h6f030ca_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.4.0                h49b9bf7_3    conda-forge
grpc-cpp                  1.29.0               h8e748ff_0    conda-forge
h5py                      2.10.0          nompi_py37h513d04c_102    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.13            hf30be14_1003    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.5          nompi_h3c11f04_1104    conda-forge
icu                       64.2                 he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
idna                      2.9                        py_1    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        1.6.0            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        1.6.0                         0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 5.3.0            py37h43977f1_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.14.0           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.17.0           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.11.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.6.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py37h99015e2_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.1               h2fd8d38_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.34                 h53a641e_4    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.69.1               hf7181ac_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20170329      hf8c457e_1001    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h72c5cf5_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1007    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.5.0                hdf63c60_6    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1006    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.7.4           nompi_h9f9fd6a_101    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.7                h5ec1e0e_6    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_1    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.11.4               h8b12597_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.17               h516909a_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                hab1572f_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.2.0                hdf63c60_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                hc7e4089_6    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.1.0                h516909a_3    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               hee79883_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.2                he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.2.1            py37h30547a4_0    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py37h8f50634_1001    conda-forge
mmpbsa-py                 16.0                     pypi_0    pypi
more-itertools            8.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.0.0            py37h99015e2_1    conda-forge
nbconvert                 5.6.1            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.0.6                      py_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
netcdf-fortran            4.5.2           nompi_h45d7149_104    conda-forge
networkx                  2.4                        py_1    conda-forge
nglview                   2.7.5              pyh5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.0.3            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.18.4           py37h8960a57_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46                       py_0    conda-forge
openeye-toolkits          2019.10.2                py37_0    openeye
openforcefield            0.6.0                    py37_1    omnia
openforcefields           1.2.0                    py37_0    omnia
openmm                    7.4.2           py37_cuda101_rc_1    omnia
openssl                   1.1.1g               h516909a_0    conda-forge
packaging                 20.4               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
packmol-memgen            1.1.0rc0                 pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    1.0.4            py37h0da4684_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.9.2.1                       0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
parmed                    at20RC5+54.g5702a232fe.dirty          pypi_0    pypi
parquet-cpp               1.5.1                         2    conda-forge
parso                     0.7.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
pdb4amber                 1.7.dev0                 pypi_0    pypi
perl                      5.26.2            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           py37hc8dfbb8_1001    conda-forge
pillow                    7.1.2            py37h718be6c_0    conda-forge
pint                      0.11                       py_1    conda-forge
pip                       20.1.1                     py_1    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h516909a_1003    conda-forge
plotly                    4.8.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    0.13.1           py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.6.0                   py_1001    conda-forge
py                        1.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pyarrow                   0.17.1          py37h1234567_3_cpu    conda-forge
pycairo                   1.19.1           py37h01af8b0_3    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20                       py_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  1.5.1            py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.6.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.16.0           py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
pytest                    5.4.2            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
python                    3.7.6           h8356626_5_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.7                     1_cp37m    conda-forge
pytraj                    2.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2020.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.3.1            py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     19.0.1           py37hac76be4_0    conda-forge
qcelemental               0.14.0                     py_0    conda-forge
qcportal                  0.13.1                     py_0    conda-forge
rdkit                     2020.03.2        py37hdd87690_0    conda-forge
re2                       2020.05.01           he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hf8c457e_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.23.0             pyh8c360ce_2    conda-forge
retrying                  1.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
sander                    16.0                     pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.4.1            py37ha3d9a3c_3    conda-forge
send2trash                1.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
setuptools                47.1.1           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
smirnoff99frosst          1.1.0                    py37_1    omnia
snappy                    1.1.8                he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               hcee41ef_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.8.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
testpath                  0.4.4                      py_0    conda-forge
thrift-cpp                0.13.0               h62aa4f2_2    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.4            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.46.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.25.9                     py_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.1.9              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
xmltodict                 0.12.0                     py_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.0                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.2                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.4                h6597ccf_3    conda-forge
